---
templateKey: blog-post
id: https://hoony.netlify.app/CA01/
title: "[CA] Gates"
slug: /CA01
date: 2021-03-05T23:56:03.125Z
description: The gates that make up the Computer
tags:
  - CA
  - Gates
---

# **Gates**

---

## introduction 

It is very important to know what ingredients form the Computer as a Programmer.
  
Many people think that Computer Architecture is not worthy to spend many times to study it. <br />
As technology advances rapidly, it is true that deep study of computer hardware has become a choice, not a necessity, and that it seems there is no adequate reason to learn. <br />

Memory Management, which was destined for former programmers, is now obsolete because all those things are performed by "Garbage Collectors" which is almost every modern programming language provide.

And optimization for the better performance of software is not as important as it was about 10 years ago. <br />
Nowadays, ability to optimize _code_ is not that important, but the ability to collaborate with others <br />
like writing code with good readability (obviously understandable code as if junior developers can understand).<br />

However the reason that we should learn how computers work and what things inside in that machine is that <br />
Even though there are many of reasons you do not have to study hardware, there are still many things you can't do if you don't know the machine in many fields such as Graphics, Network, Embeded and so on.. <br /> 

This is the reason why every CS<sup>(__C__omputer __S__ciecne)</sup> program offers CA<sup>(__C__umputer __A__rchitecture)</sup> in the first semester.

Let's take the first step towards the machine that is indispensable to modern people.

<hr />

Computer is just a tons of _gates_ but nothing.

